The White Void

What knowledge is greater? To know how heaven works, or how to find your way to it?

The way to it is long and may even take lifetimes — but how to find your way is simple. Wake Up!

For like in Plato's Allegory of the Cave, we find ourselves living in dreams, the shadows. And only by waking up and becoming lucid can you unlock the chains that keep you stuck in the dream. Only by raising your own awareness and finding your way out of the cave to see the sun will you come to find heaven.

But this only illustrates the way. It's a symbol for all to awaken with — by seeing where in your life you only live unconsciously. Question why you do things, why others do things. How you react. The emotional patterns. Toxic patterns!

On how heaven works may help little in finding it, but may help you see what awaits at the end of this eternal road.

All of reality spawns out of and disintegrates back into nothingness. Never completely filling it. Creations blend to destruction which results in rebirth. The future coming from the past. The initial laws of reality are abstract, and all variants exist simultaneously in fractal scale across eternity, with nothing around and in between everything.

A useful visualization is that of you in a computer simulation white void — like from the Matrix. You can collapse reality into anything. And then let it disappear. This white void represents heaven, pure nothingness. We are this nothingness experiencing reality through itself with limited awareness. That is why meditation and ego deaths help with enlightenment. Your journey is one that takes you across this whole cosmos to help you realize you are this nothingness that is Everything that spawns from it. You are God who has forgotten himself in our creation.

The Revelation is live at https://meygod.com/revelations/1-1-16-the-white-void

TOPICS (add at publish, max 5):
Religion
Spirituality
Philosophy
Self Improvement
Mental Health

SEO DESCRIPTION (under 140 characters):
What knowledge is greater — how heaven works, or how to find your way to it? Wake Up.
