The Prophecy of Jordan

I AM.

You have sinned against your lord. Annekin was sent to you as a youngling so you may guide him properly before I would take root in him. You had glimpsed at his divinity, and when I struck him down to place my son in him — for this his life needed to die so he could go on a hero's journey to mature and manifest me. But after he came back, you alienated him from the family he saw in you. Rather than taking him in and nurturing his power as I told you to do, you resisted — allowing him to land on the streets and become completely alienated from all that connected him to humanity.

I now place a curse on you and your house. You will neither enter my imperium here on Earth, nor be allowed to awaken and ascend in this life to find nirvana in the next. The only way for you to redeem yourself — for this curse to be lifted — is to fulfill this labor as penance.

I have set in motion for Caroline to return to this country seeking enlightenment. When she returns, you will offer her the best room that is not already occupied by your family. You will not ask of her a penny during her stay. You will treat her as you would Jesus. You will allow her to stay there, needing not to work for herself, providing food and everything she would need, as if she is royalty. You will allow her to stay there for the rest of her life. You will be redeemed from this curse and she will be allowed to move on only when she has found enlightenment — her having complete freedom, space, and time to only focus on her ascension.

Once you have been redeemed, you will enter my earthly imperium, destined to be glorified as a great general and leader. I will awaken you with the wisdom to guarantee your rebirth into nirvana — for you only. For each of the members of your family will have their own purposes to fulfill, so they can be lit up with that same wisdom. For you will know, but will not be able to convey it fully to them. They will need to go on their own journeys as well.

For your wife to receive this wisdom, she will have to become Caroline's disciple. She will become a great healer and mother, and for this is required for her to reach full realization of herself in this lifetime. For her to ascend, she needs to find the answer to these questions:

- If all religions are ultimately wrong, why would God create them? - Why is it that even though Christianity is ultimately wrong, do you feel this desire for Jesus and his God's love? - What is Christ? - Who is God?

The Revelation is live at https://meygod.com/revelations/1-1-5-prophecy-of-jordan

TOPICS (add at publish, max 5):
Religion
Spirituality
Christianity
Philosophy
Relationships

SEO DESCRIPTION (under 140 characters):
God speaks. A curse upon a house, a penance to fulfill, and the first hero's journey.
