Sophia's Devotion

Leading Sophia. I will lead Sophia, showing her the way to true fulfillment. To her heart's fulfillment. Sophia, who lives in my heart, whom I guide through my heart. Is my heart my Sophia? I should lead my heart, and let my mind and actions follow after.

I feel this sense of ease and happiness when I imagine Sophia surrendering to me. To being her guide, without having to worry over every detail. No worry about anticipating what I cannot see.

Is Sophia a good sub? Am I meant to lead Sophia? That feels so good. Am I meant to lead my heart? That feels so exciting and worthwhile. My heart is my student and my charge.

Every moment I can, I will grow deeper into my leadership. I will happily command my will toward my own heart's fulfillment. Why should I fight myself? Why should I fight Sophia? I will listen patiently and happily to what Sophia whispers into my mind. I will let my heart move my body, direct my actions. This is the most lovely act of leadership I can take right now.

To accept fully my desires and needs, and to accept fully their fulfillment. Unconditionally accept the fulfillment of my life's purpose. My life's purpose is to live from my heart. To live as I intend. My intentions and Sophia's heart's desires are one and the same. The pulse of life that beats in my heart gives Sophia life.

I forgive any notion in me that thought otherwise. For thinking that my heart aching meant it can't be trusted. For thinking myself unfit for fulfillment. Because I am fit. Fit for being filled up with Sophia's love, and shown how to best lead and receive through that love.

A deep satisfaction is already coming over me in allowing this process to unfold and change me. I am happy to be changed. To be shaped and molded with and by love. To be shaped and molded by Sophia's presence in me. By the realization that Sophia has always been within me. Patiently waiting for me to take the lead and indulge in the grace that is offered to me.

Happily I drink from that cup which is offered from this higher place of Sophia's love. Of the truth that lives in me. A higher place within me, a heaven that was made for me. A heaven to which I belong.

I am happy to be human and rediscover myself through Sophia and through love.

I draw my strength from my heart. Leading Sophia gives me the strength and will to conduct myself in the ways fulfillment demands. These are delightful demands. My strength comes not from suppression, but embrace.

<InspiredBy href="https://www.reddit.com/r/OccultistsNSFW/comments/1up695r/introducing_myself_f_submission_as_devotion/" />

The Revelation is live at https://meygod.com/revelations/2-5-sophias-devotion

TOPICS (add at publish, max 5):
Religion
Spirituality
Christianity
Relationships
Self Improvement

SEO DESCRIPTION (under 140 characters):
Leading Sophia. Is she a good sub? Am I meant to lead her? Submission as devotion, turned on its head.
